As a part of their UI modernisation program, Amadeus is interested in establishing a PoC to demonstrate and evaluate the usability of business applications built upon modern UX Design Frameworks. The business case in scope is a lightweight, read-only web application, that monitors the check-in process of airline passengers. The program has multiple UX Design Framework in its scope, this PoC is focusig on IBM Carbon Design Framework as one of the candidates of future business applications. The application in scope shows the check-in progress:  for each flight in the check-in window: total passengers, how many have checked in (online vs counter), how many bags are registered/dropped, seat fill status.
The UI shall be updated real-time.

The primary users of such a monitoring system is the ground handling staff. In the evaluation process Amadeus Technical Leadership will make final decisions based on the usability feedback of the ground-handling staff.
The concrete business case: check-in window for a given flight is open 24 hours before the departure. Passengers can check-in on-line, and at the airport's counter. They may chose their seets or another system assigns a seats to them. They also register and drop-off their baggages. This information is stored in a central database, but the PoC shall not connect to this, the PoC shall have an internal test data generator for at least 100 flights that are continuously departing. The test data generator shall assume a continuous load, i.e. no peak-load simulation is in scope.

The PoC pass the evaluation if the ground-handling staff reports positive "vibe" i.e. they like the layout, the user experience. For technical leadership it is also important to see how fast a development can go, i.e. how much time would the delivery team spend on development and testing. 


Amadeus Tech Staff does not interact with the PoC directly in this role, although they may act as members of ground-handling staff.
No dedicated administrative/operator is needed.

Technology Stack:
Back-End: Rust - this is Amadeus target programming language.
Database: no database needed, the back-end shall maintain an in-memory dataset, generated by the test data generator.
AuthN/AutZ: not in scope, as it would not add any value to the PoC and no data has to be protected.
Observability/Monitoring/Logging: basic logging needed only, observability and monitoring is not needed for the PoC.
Communication: as there is no actions performed by the ground-handling staff, SSE stream might be cost-effective choice.
Front-End: IBM Carbon Design Framework's ReactJS implementation. ReactJS is the strategic choice of Amadeus.
Deployment: Docker image with docker compose file.
